feat: add minAge, maxAge to birthday options (#561) (#562)
chancejs/chancejs: docs/person/birthday.md

=> Fri Nov 26 1469 09:17:13 GMT-0500 (EST)
```

> Can specify maxAge and/or minAge. This will return a date which yields to an age beteween the given range. Attention on limits: the full day of birthdays are considered to be part of the allowed range (from the first milisecond of the minimun date to the last second of the maximun date).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can specify maxAge and/or minAge. This will return a date which yields to an age between the given range. Attention on limits: the full day of birthdays are considered to be part of the allowed range (from the first millisecond of the minimum date to the last second of the maximum date).
```
